# Model
name                = ncsnpp
normalization       = GroupNorm
nonlinearity        = swish
n_channels          = 128
ch_mult             = 1,2,2,2
attn_resolutions    = 16
resamp_with_conv    = true
use_fir             = true
fir_kernel          = 1,3,3,1
skip_rescale        = true
resblock_type       = biggan
progressive         = none
progressive_input   = residual
progressive_combine = sum
attention_type      = ddpm
init_scale          = 0.0
fourier_scale       = 16
conv_size           = 3
embedding_type      = fourier
mixed_score         = true
n_resblocks         = 8
ema_rate            = 0.9999
numerical_eps       = 1e-9

# SDE
sde                 = cld
beta_type           = linear
beta0               = 4.0
beta1               = 0.0
m_inv               = 4.0
gamma               = 0.04

# Optimization
optimizer           = Adam
learning_rate       = 2e-4
grad_clip           = 1.0
dropout             = 0.1
weight_decay        = 0.0

# Objective
cld_objective       = hsm
loss_eps            = 1e-5
weighting           = reweightedv2